[YAML docs] Add Fleet-maintained apps via YAML (GitOps) (#24648)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

Fleet supports adding [GitHub environment variables](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/variables#defining-environment-variables-for-a-single-workflow) in your configuration profiles. Use `$ENV_VARIABLE` format. Variables beginning with `$FLEET_VAR_` are reserved for Fleet server. The server will replace these variables with the actual values when profiles are sent to hosts. See supported variables in the guide [here](https://fleetdm.com/guides/ndes-scep-proxy).

> Use `labels_include_all` to target hosts that have all labels in the array, `labels_include_any` to target hosts that have any label in the array, or `labels_exclude_any` to target hosts that don't have any of the labels in the array. Only one of `labels_include_all`, `labels_include_any`, or `labels_exclude_any` can be specified. If none are specified, all hosts are targeted.

Author: ```suggestion
Use `labels_include_all` to only apply (scope) profiles to hosts that have all those labels, `labels_include_any` to apply profiles to hosts that have any of those labels, or `labels_exclude_any` to apply profiles to hosts that don't have any of those labels.
```

> > **Experimental feature**. This feature is undergoing rapid improvement, which may result in breaking changes to the API or configuration surface. It is not recommended for use in automated workflows.

Reviewer: ### Dev note

Example dev note

The `software` section allows you to configure packages, Apple App Store apps, and Fleet-maintained apps that you want to install on your hosts.

- `packages` is a list of paths to custom packages (.pkg, .msi, .exe, .rpm, or .deb).
- `app_store_apps` is a list of Apple App Store apps.

> - `fleet_maintained_apps` is a list of apps maintained by Fleet. The full list can be found on the [App library page](https://fleetdm.com/app-library) on [Fleetdm.com](https://fleetdm.com)

Author: ```suggestion
- `fleet_maintained_apps` is a list of apps maintained by Fleet. To find the `fleet_maintained_app_id`, head to **Software > Add software** and select a Fleet-maintained app. From there, select **Show details**.
```

> - `fleet_maintained_apps` is a list of apps maintained by Fleet. To find the `fleet_maintained_app_id`, head to **Software > Add software** and select a Fleet-maintained app. From there, select **Show details**.

Author: ```suggestion
- `fleet_maintained_apps` is a list of Fleet-maintained apps. To find the `fleet_maintained_app_id`, head to **Software > Add software** and select a Fleet-maintained app. From there, select **Show details**.
```

software:
  packages:
    - path: ../lib/software-name.package.yml

>     - path: ../lib/software-name2.package.yml

Author: ```suggestion
```

>     - path: ../lib/software-name2.package.yml
>       labels_include_any:
>         - Engineering
>         - Customer Support

Author: ```suggestion
```

  # path is relative to default.yml, teams/team-name.yml, or teams/no-team.yml
  app_store_apps:
    - app_store_id: '1091189122'
      labels_include_any:
        - Product
        - Marketing
  fleet_maintained_apps:

>     - fleet_maintained_app_id: darwin/slack

Author: ```suggestion
    - fleet_maintained_app_id: macos-slack
```

  # path is relative to default.yml, teams/team-name.yml, or teams/no-team.yml
  app_store_apps:
    - app_store_id: '1091189122'

>   fleet_maintained_apps:
>     - fleet_maintained_app_id: macos-slack
>       labels_include_any:
>         - Design
>         - Sales

Author: ```suggestion
  fleet_maintained_apps:
    - fleet_maintained_app_id: macos-slack
      self_service: true
      labels_include_any:
        - Design
        - Sales
```

  # path is relative to default.yml, teams/team-name.yml, or teams/no-team.yml
  app_store_apps:
    - app_store_id: '1091189122'
  fleet_maintained_apps:

>     - fleet_maintained_app_name: Microsoft Excel

Author: @noahtalerman A few questions here:
1. I believe that strings with spaces need not have single quotes around them?
2. What does engineering have to do to make this happen? I'm curious how to dev note this for them.

>     - fleet_maintained_app_name: Microsoft Excel

Author: Dev note(s):
1. Users should be able to enter strings using whatever capitalization they prefer. In other words, this entry should be caps-agnostic.
2. If the string does not match an existing Fleet-maintained app, show an error. "[Entered name] is not a Fleet-maintained app. Please try again."

  # path is relative to default.yml, teams/team-name.yml, or teams/no-team.yml
  app_store_apps:
    - app_store_id: '1091189122'
  fleet_maintained_apps:
    - fleet_maintained_app_id: macos-slack
      labels_include_any:
        - Design
        - Sales
```

> - Use `labels_include_any` to target hosts that have any label in the array or `labels_exclude_any` to target hosts that don't have any label in the array. Only one of `labels_include_any` or `labels_exclude_any` can be specified. If neither are specified, all hosts are targeted.
> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

  # path is relative to default.yml, teams/team-name.yml, or teams/no-team.yml
  app_store_apps:
    - app_store_id: '1091189122'

>       labels_include_any:
>         - Product
>         - Marketing

Author: ```suggestion
      labels_include_any:
        - Product
        - Marketing
```

>       labels_include_any:
>         - Product
>         - Marketing

Author: ```suggestion
```

- `install_script.path` specifies the command Fleet will run on hosts to install software. The [default script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/main/pkg/file/scripts) is dependent on the software type (i.e. .pkg).
- `uninstall_script.path` is the script Fleet will run on hosts to uninstall software. The [default script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/main/pkg/file/scripts) is dependent on the software type (i.e. .pkg).
- `self_service` specifies whether or not end users can install from **Fleet Desktop > Self-service**.

> - `auto_install` specifies whether a policy to install the software will be written automatically. If true, the software will be installed on every host that’s missing this software.

Author: Dev note:

As part of this ticket, please make `auto_install` also available for App Store apps and custom packages.

        - Customer Support
  app_store_apps:
    - app_store_id: '1091189122'
  fleet_maintained_apps:

>     - slug: slack/darwin

Reviewer: ### Dev note

If the `slug` doesn't exist then don't apply the YAML and show an easy to understand error message that uses consistent language with other YAML error messages.

Reviewer: ### Dev note

If the same, valid `slug` is specified twice then don't apply the YAML and show an easy to understand error message that uses consistent language with other YAML error messages.

>     - fleet_maintained_app_id: macos-slack

Reviewer: ### Dev note

If the same, valid `fleet_maintained_app_id` is specified twice then don't apply the YAML and show an easy to understand error message that uses consistent language with other YAML error messages.

>     - fleet_maintained_app_id: macos-slack

Reviewer 2: We're building these slugs out as e.g. `slack/darwin` (which would also allow us to e.g. do `slack/darwin/x86` later). Still good with that?

>     - fleet_maintained_app_id: macos-slack

Reviewer 2: Also, thoughts on `slug` rather than `fleet_maintained_app_id`? The existing name feels a little too close to the PK in the local database, which isn't what this is, and we're calling this field `slug` in our manifests (which...we could change that if we do that before releasing 4.66 but after that it's set in stone).

>     - fleet_maintained_app_id: macos-slack

Reviewer: Just chatted with Ian and we landed on using `slug`. Why?
- The plan is to use this as a URL slug on https://fleetdm.com/app-library
- `name` would be confusing because name is actually the display name (ex. "Box Drive") and a macOS and Windows app could share the same name (not unique across platforms)
- `id` or `fleet_maintained_id` would be confusing because the ID is actually the ID used in the API: https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#add-fleet-maintained-app
  - It's also less human-readable

>     - fleet_maintained_app_id: macos-slack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - slug: slack/darwin
```

uninstall_script:
  path: ../lib/software/tailscale-uninstall-script.ps1
self_service: true

> auto-install: true

Author: Dev note:

1. If the admin has an existing policy installing the same app, show an error: "Only one version of an app can be available for install (aka added) per team."

> Make sure to include only the ID itself, and not the `id` prefix shown in the URL. The ID must be wrapped in quotes as shown in the example so that it is processed as a string.

- `self_service` only applies to macOS, and is ignored for other platforms. For example, if the app is supported on macOS, iOS, and iPadOS, and `self_service` is set to `true`, it will be self-service on macOS workstations but not iPhones or iPads.

### fleet_maintained_apps

> - `fleet_maintained_app_id` is the ID of the app. Fleet-maintained app IDs can be copied from the [App library page](https://fleetdm.com/app-library) on [Fleetdm.com](https://fleetdm.com).

Author: ```suggestion
- `fleet_maintained_apps` is a list of Fleet-maintained apps. To find the `fleet_maintained_app_id`, head to **Software > Add software** and select a Fleet-maintained app. From there, select **Show details**.
```

- `self_service` only applies to macOS, and is ignored for other platforms. For example, if the app is supported on macOS, iOS, and iPadOS, and `self_service` is set to `true`, it will be self-service on macOS workstations but not iPhones or iPads.

### fleet_maintained_apps

> - `fleet_maintained_apps` is a list of Fleet-maintained apps. To find the `slug`, head to **Software > Add software** and select a Fleet-maintained app. From there, select **Show details**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fleet_maintained_apps` is a list of Fleet-maintained apps. To find the `slug`, head to **Software > Add software** and select a Fleet-maintained app. From there, select **Show details**. You can also see the list [here in GitHub](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/ee/maintained-apps/outputs/apps.json).
```

> - `fleet_maintained_apps` is a list of Fleet-maintained apps. To find the `fleet_maintained_app_id`, head to **Software > Add software** and select a Fleet-maintained app. From there, select **Show details**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fleet_maintained_apps` is a list of Fleet-maintained apps. To find the `slug`, head to **Software > Add software** and select a Fleet-maintained app. From there, select **Show details**.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

> Currently, Fleet-maintained apps do not auto-update. To get the newest version of a Fleet-maintained app for a team, remove the app from that team, run GitOps, then add the app back and run GitOps again.

```
